[No QA] [HOLD] [No QA] Create UK-and-EU-Expensify-Card.md‎ (#84319)
Expensify/App: docs/articles/new-expensify/expensify-card/UK-and-EU-Expensify-Card.md

---
title: Setup Expensify Card (UK/EU)
description: Learn how to set up and use the Expensify Card in the UK and EU, including eligibility, supported countries, and step-by-step setup instructions.

> keywords: [New Expensify, Expensify Card UK, EU, Global Reimbursements, GBP, EUR, card setup, issue cards, Smart Limit, virtual cards, supported countries, early release]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
keywords: [New Expensify, Expensify Card UK, EU, Global Reimbursements, GBP, EUR, card setup, issue cards, Smart Limit, virtual cards, supported countries, early release]
internalScope: Audience is Workspace Admins in the UK and EU. Covers eligibility, supported countries, enabling the Expensify Card, linking a settlement account, issuing virtual cards, spending limits, foreign exchange details. Does not cover US Expensify Card setup, physical card shipping timelines, non-GBP/EUR settlement accounts
```

---

> <div id="new-expensify" markdown="1">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The Expensify Card is now available for companies in the United Kingdom and Europe! This guide walks you through eligibility and how to set up and start using the card in GBP or EUR. We are currently issuing virtual cards only, but will be releasing physical cards very soon!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Expensify Card is available for companies in the United Kingdom and select European countries. This guide walks you through eligibility and how to set up and start using the card in GBP or EUR. 

Workspace Admins can issue virtual Expensify Cards to members and manage spending in GBP or EUR. Physical cards will be available soon.
```

<!-- Can only be requested through New Expensify. Expensify Classic customers need to navigate to New Expensify and follow the instructions below -->

# UK/EU Expensify Card setup

> To get started with the UK/EU Expensify Card, you'll need to meet a few eligibility requirements and connect a business bank account in GBP or EUR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Moved this down to the pre-requisites section

<!-- Also known as: issue cards in Europe, UK card setup, virtual cards, smart limit card, Euro business card -->

> ## Who can use the UK/EU Expensify Card?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Who can set up the Expensify Cards in the UK and EU
```

The card is currently available for:
- Companies with a **GBP or EUR business bank account** connected
- Businesses located in supported **UK or EEA countries**

If your company hasn’t yet connected a GBP or EUR business bank account, [follow this process](https://help.expensify.com/articles/new-expensify/wallet-and-payments/Enable-Global-Reimbursement) to get started.

> ## Supported countries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Check Which Countries Can Enable the Expensify Card in the UK and EU
```

> The Expensify Card is supported in **21 countries** across the EU and UK:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The Expensify Card can be used **anywhere Visa is accepted**.

However, only companies registered in the following 21 UK and EU countries can enable the Expensify Card for their Workspace:
```

- Belgium  
- Cyprus  
- Denmark  
- Estonia  
- Finland  
- Gibraltar  
- Hungary  
- Ireland  
- Latvia  
- Liechtenstein  
- Lithuania  
- Luxembourg  
- Malta  
- Netherlands  
- Poland  
- Romania  
- Slovakia  
- Slovenia  
- Spain  
- Sweden  
- United Kingdom

> **Note:** While companies based in an unsupported country can’t currently sign up for the Expensify Card, cards may be issued to employees in these countries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## How to set up the Expensify Card

### Pre-Requisites

> 1. Have a GBP or EUR bank account connected, [follow this process](https://help.expensify.com/articles/new-expensify/wallet-and-payments/Enable-Global-Reimbursement) to connect one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To set up the Expensify Card in the UK and EU, you must: 

1. Have a GBP or EUR bank account connected. To connect one, [Enable Global Reimbursement](https://help.expensify.com/articles/new-expensify/wallet-and-payments/Enable-Global-Reimbursement). 
```

2. Complete the **[Know Your Customer (KYC)](https://launch-workflow.trulioo.com/68223577c5dae52a6ec9347f)** and **[Know Your Business (KYB)](https://launch-workflow.trulioo.com/681a7cc4e65d2e48f19de9c3)** forms.
3. Share the last 90 days of statements from your connected GBP or EUR bank account with Concierge so they can assess your eligible limit

> ### 1. Enable the Expensify Card for your workspace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 1. How to enable the Expensify Card on your workspace
```

2. Under **Spend**, toggle on **Expensify Card**.
3. So that we can assess your request, reach out to Concierge and provide the last 90 days of statements
4. Once enabled, the **Expensify Card** tab will appear in the left-hand menu.

### 2. Link a settlement bank account

1. From the left-hand menu, select **Workspaces > [Workspace Name] > Expensify Card**.
2. Click **Issue new card**.
3. Choose an existing **GBP or EUR bank account** to settle card transactions.

### 3. Issue virtual cards to employees

1. Go to **Workspaces > [Workspace Name] > Expensify Card**.
2. Click **Issue new card**.
3. Select the employee.
4. Choose **Virtual**.
5. Pick a limit type:
   - **Smart limit** – Spend up to a threshold before needing approval
   - **Monthly limit** – Capped monthly spend
   - **Fixed limit** – One-time spend cap (card closes once reached)
6. Enter the **spending limit**.
7. Name the card to help with tracking.
8. Click **Issue card** to confirm.

### 4. Begin using your cards

That’s it! Employees can now spend using their Expensify Cards in **GBP or EUR**. All transactions will automatically appear using the Report filters

# FAQ

> ## What exchange rate is used for foreign currency purchases?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What exchange rate does the Expensify Card use for foreign currency purchases?
```

We use the [Visa FX calculator](https://www.visa.co.uk/support/consumer/travel-support/exchange-rate-calculator.html) to determine exchange rates for purchases made in currencies other than GBP or EUR. Please ensure that you edit the bank fee to **0%** when using the calculator, as the Expensify Card does not incur any foreign exchange fees.

## Does the Expensify Card support Visa Secure for online transactions?

Yes, the Expensify Card protects online transactions with Visa Secure. Please review the [Visa Secure FAQs]({{site.url}}/assets/Files/Visa-secure-faq-expensify.pdf) for more information. 

## Need help?

If you’re unsure about eligibility or need help activating a card, message **Concierge** directly from the app — we're happy to help!

> </div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How do I get help with the Expensify Card in the UK and EU?

If you need help with eligibility, verification, limits, or issuing a card, message **Concierge** directly from the app.

```
